# Country: GUP - Gupta Empire

government = monarchy
add_government_reform = divine_right
add_government_reform = delegated_rulers
add_government_reform = hereditary_elite
government_rank = 6
mercantilism = 0
primary_culture = bihari
religion = hinduism
add_accepted_culture = bengali
add_accepted_culture = bihari
add_accepted_culture = oriya
add_accepted_culture = mewari
add_accepted_culture = dhundari
add_accepted_culture = marwari
add_accepted_culture = harauti
add_accepted_culture = malvi
add_accepted_culture = gujarati
add_accepted_culture = saurashtri
add_accepted_culture = bhil
add_accepted_culture = jati
add_accepted_culture = tomara
add_accepted_culture = meo
add_accepted_culture = gondi
add_accepted_culture = nagpuri
add_accepted_culture = sambalpuri
add_accepted_culture = pahari
add_accepted_culture = nepali
add_accepted_culture = marathi
add_accepted_culture = khandeshi
technology_group = indian
capital = 558 # (Patna)

1000.1.1 = {
	#set_variable = { which = "centralization_decentralization" value = 0 }
	set_legacy_government = principality_legacy
	add_absolutism = -100
	add_absolutism = 0
}
