# NSE - North Sea Empire

government = monarchy
add_government_reform = divine_right #feel free to revise
add_government_reform = delegated_rulers
add_government_reform = hereditary_elite
government_rank = 6
mercantilism = 0
primary_culture = danish
religion = catholic
add_accepted_culture = danish
add_accepted_culture = scanian
add_accepted_culture = jutish
add_accepted_culture = norwegian
add_accepted_culture = vestlandsk
add_accepted_culture = trondersk
add_accepted_culture = norse
add_accepted_culture = swedish
add_accepted_culture = gotar
add_accepted_culture = gutnish
add_accepted_culture = finnish
add_accepted_culture = estonian
add_accepted_culture = ingrian
add_accepted_culture = english
add_accepted_culture = northern_e
add_accepted_culture = lowland_scottish
technology_group = western
capital = 12	#Sjaelland

1000.1.1 = {
	#set_variable = { which = "centralization_decentralization" value = 2 }
	set_legacy_government = feudal_monarchy
}
